Hello and
welcome everyone to Nuxt 3 Fundamentals.
Excited to have you here today as you
spend all day talking about Nuxt things
which to me as a Nuxt Ambassador I'm
super excited about.
So with that let's jump right in.
So to get started a little fun fact
about me is I love amusement park rides.
For those who have seen my past socks
before you usually see the Jurassic Park 1
from Orlando studios.
But this one here is from Splash Mountain
and I believe this one's at Disneyland.
And so if you're having
trouble finding me granted,
this one's easier than
the Jurassic 1 I use Just to show.
I'm the one in the middle
with both arms up.
I think we're taking, I don't know,
an easy 50, 60 foot dive.
And Splash Mountain, it's an old ride, but
you will get wet on that one unexpectedly.
I was very surprised,
it was surprisingly fun.
So I'm currently a Senior Staff Developer
Experience Engineer at Netlify.
I'm on the Vue core team.
The Nuxt ambassador.
Vue Mastery instructor.
And Google Developer expert.
So as far as what you can expect as far
as how this workshop is going to go,
I'm a big fan of not lecturing at you for
eight hours.
Because that's a lot of talking on my end,
and frankly,
it can be pretty boring as an attendee.
We're here to learn how to code, right?
So this is the format that
I've come to use and love, and
it's worked out pretty well for me.
So what you can expect is that first thing
we're gonna do is we're gonna learn about
whatever the topic is, right?
So you've never heard about it,
you get explanation examples and
it will be demoed to you.
After that you'll have a chance
to ask questions, right?
Clarify anything in case I went
over something too quickly,
we'll get a chance to do that.
But then finally, the most important
part to this step to be honest,
is you get to a chance to apply those
concepts that we just talked about.
And the other activity I'd say here in
regards to exercises as well is that I
really encourage you to experiment.
A lot of coding and learning is about
making it stick for yourself and
personalizing it.
So as much as you can be, actually
what if I try this, what if I do this?
That'll give you a chance, especially
because you all are here to ask questions
then to be like, hey, I tried this thing,
here's what happened.
And it's really a great way to take
advantage of the live workshop
that we have now.
Also, I know that sometimes
when taking a class,
it's easy to kinda take a backseat and
just skip over the exercises.
But I can't stress enough don't
underestimate the value of actually doing
the exercises.
Because while some of the exercises
might seem easy or obvious to be honest,
when we code, what do we do?
We need to type, we need to actually
get that muscle memory, right?
So it's just like when you look at someone
climbing a wall, it looks easy but
developing the muscle memory to actually
get on those rocks and pull yourself up,
that takes repetition.
So since we wanna master this skill,
get better at what we do.
I strongly encourage you to
actually do the practice as well.
And then finally, whenever possible,
please get creative.
Again, so I put some like basic,
like guidance as far as
what the exercises can be.
But just to re-emphasize the fact
that the more you can think of like
personalized ideas.
As you're going through you're like I
would love to do this or I'm gonna make
a fan website about the severance because
I really love that TV show whatever.
Whatever it gets, it's engaging and
sticky for you, go for
it, please feel free to
color outside the box.
And then as a couple of reminders as far
as things to sort of frame your mindset.
Is that there are often more than
one way to accomplish things and
especially with Vue 3 having
options API and composition API,
there is gonna be a lot of
different methods for doing things.
But what I'm gonna try to do in this
workshop is provide you some conventions
and standards that I'm
seeing in the industry.
But just know that there are usually
multiple ways to solve a single problem,
to fit depending on what like
the special context that you're in.
So just know that, and
whatever I'm presenting today,
it doesn't make any of
the alternatives inferior.
And the last reminder is
all code is compromised.
So whenever I'm presenting something,
I encourage you to agree or disagree,
I encourage you to question it, because
your experience and your opinion matters
when it comes to how these techniques
apply to the codebase you're working on.
And so at the end of the day,
I stress this basically with every single
workshop and anything that I teach,
it's really important for you to choose
what's best for you and your team.
That's what matters at the end of the day,
because you're the one shipping features
to your customers, and that's what's
ultimately gonna make the difference.
Not because someone else said that,
your code is impure if it's not done
a certain way, ignore all that.